README.md, before:

# Small-Projects
Small projects that take up to 2 Days.
This is for fun, experiment, practice and reviews.  

# Mega Project List
This contains my solutions to the some of the problems in the [Mega Project List](https://github.com/CodeInnovator/Projects)

1.Find PI to the Nth Digit - Problem: Enter a number and have the program generate PI up to that many decimal places. Keep a limit to how far the program will go.
 My solution: [PitoNthDigits.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/PitoNthDigits.java)(Last Updated: Oct.9. 2015).

2.Find e to the Nth Digit -
Problem: Just like the previous problem, but with e instead of PI. Enter a number and have the program generate e up to that many decimal places. Keep a limit to how far the program will go.
 My solution: [EtoNthDigits.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/EtoNthDigits.java)(Last Updated: Oct.10. 2015).

3.Fibonacci Sequence - 
Problem: Enter a number and have the program generate the Fibonacci sequence to that number or to the Nth number.
 My solution: [Fibonacci.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/Fibonacci.java)(Last Updated: Oct.12. 2015).

4.Prime Factorization- 
Problem: Have the user enter a number and find all Prime Factors (if there are any) and display them. 
 My solution: [PrimeFact.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/PrimeFact.java) (Last Updated: Oct.15. 2015).

5.Next Prime Number -
Problem: Have the program find prime numbers until the user chooses to stop asking for the next one. 
 My solution: N/A.

Commit message:

Daily Project finished.  NextPrimeNumber.java

README.md, after:

# Small-Projects
Small projects that take up to 2 Days.
This is for fun, experiment, practice and reviews.  

# Mega Project List
This contains my solutions to the some of the problems in the [Mega Project List](https://github.com/CodeInnovator/Projects)

1.Find PI to the Nth Digit - Problem: Enter a number and have the program generate PI up to that many decimal places. Keep a limit to how far the program will go.
 My solution: [PitoNthDigits.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/PitoNthDigits.java)(Last Updated: Oct.9. 2015).

2.Find e to the Nth Digit -
Problem: Just like the previous problem, but with e instead of PI. Enter a number and have the program generate e up to that many decimal places. Keep a limit to how far the program will go.
 My solution: [EtoNthDigits.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/EtoNthDigits.java)(Last Updated: Oct.10. 2015).

3.Fibonacci Sequence - 
Problem: Enter a number and have the program generate the Fibonacci sequence to that number or to the Nth number.
 My solution: [Fibonacci.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/Fibonacci.java)(Last Updated: Oct.12. 2015).

4.Prime Factorization- 
Problem: Have the user enter a number and find all Prime Factors (if there are any) and display them. 
 My solution: [PrimeFact.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/PrimeFact.java) (Last Updated: Oct.15. 2015).

5.Next Prime Number -
Problem: Have the program find prime numbers until the user chooses to stop asking for the next one. 
 My solution:[NextPrimeNumber.java](JavaMegaProjectList/src/numbers/JavaMegaProjectList/codeInnovator/NextPrimeNumber.java) (Last Updated: Oct.16. 2015).

6.Find Cost of Tile to Cover W x H Floor -
Problem: Calculate the total cost of tile it would take to cover a floor plan of width and height, using a cost entered by the user.
My Solution: N/A
